Type Reflection,

integrated Object Browser of Visual Studio (and numerous other IDEs), you can examine the types within a
project’s referenced set of assemblies. Furthermore, external tools such as ildasm.exe allow you to peek into
the underlying CIL code,

In addition
to this design-time investigation of .NET Core assemblies, you are also able to programmatically obtain this
same information using the System.Reflection namespace.


Many .NET Core technologies, like object serialization,
require the ability to discover the format of types at runtime. Furthermore, cross-language interoperability,
numerous compiler services, and an IDE’s IntelliSense capabilities all rely on a concrete description of type.


ildasm.exe utility allows you to view an assembly’s type metadata.

In the .NET Core universe, reflection is the process of runtime type discovery. Using reflection services, you
can programmatically obtain the same metadata information generated by ildasm.exe using a friendly
object model. For example, through reflection, you can obtain a list of all types contained within a given
*.dll or *.exe assembly, including the methods, fields, properties, and events defined by a given type. You
can also dynamically discover the set of interfaces supported by a given type, the parameters of a method,
and other related details (base classes, namespace information, manifest data, etc.).


A Sampling of Members of the System.Reflection Namespace
Type Meaning in Life
Assembly This abstract class contains members that allow you to load, investigate, and manipulate an
assembly.
AssemblyName This class allows you to discover numerous details behind an assembly’s identity (version
information, culture information, etc.).
EventInfo This abstract class holds information for a given event.
FieldInfo This abstract class holds information for a given field.
MemberInfo This is the abstract base class that defines common behaviors for the EventInfo,
FieldInfo, MethodInfo, and PropertyInfo types.
MethodInfo This abstract class contains information for a given method.
Module This abstract class allows you to access a given module within a multifile assembly.
ParameterInfo This class holds information for a given parameter.
PropertyInfo This abstract class holds information for a given property.

how to leverage the System.Reflection namespace to programmatically read .NET Core
metadata,

but not assemblies in the base class libraries that are always referenced, such as mscorlib.dll.


the keys to
reflection services revolve around the System.Type class and the System.Reflection namespace.


As you
have seen, reflection is the process of placing a type under the magnifying glass at runtime to understand the
who, what, where, when, why, and how of a given item.
Late binding is the process of creating an instance of a type and invoking its members without prior
knowledge of the specific names of said members. Late binding is often a direct result of dynamic loading,
which allows you to load a .NET Core assembly into memory programmatically.

the role of attribute-based programming. When you adorn your types with
attributes, the result is the augmentation of the underlying assembly metadata.

